COMP 375 @ USD
Project 5: Internet Jukebox

Update this file so that it contains the following info.
Submissions where this file has not been completed will NOT be accepted (i.e.
will receive a failing grade).

1. Partner 1's FULL Name: Alizea Hinz
   Partner 1's USD Email Address: ahinz@sandiego.edu
   Partner 2's FULL Name: Marissa Esteban
   Partner 2's USD Email Address: marissanicoleesteban@sandieog.edu

2. A typed copy of USD's academic integrity pledge, followed by each partners'
   typed initials (as a way of "signing the pledge.").

   “I pledge to demonstrate personal and academic integrity in all matters with my fellow
students, the faculty, and the administration here at USD. I promise to be honest and
accountable for my actions; and to uphold the statutes of scholastic honesty to better
myself and those around me.”
AH MNE

      “I pledge to demonstrate personal and academic integrity in all matters with my fellow
   students, the faculty, and the administration here at USD. I promise to be honest and
   accountable for my actions; and to uphold the statutes of scholastic honesty to better
   myself and those around me.”

   ME AH

3. The estimated number of hours spent working on the project.
   Break this down into three categories:
		- Time spent partner 1 spent working alone: 20
		- Time spent partner 2 spent working alone: 20
		- Time spent working together: 30

4. A list of missing features and/or known bugs.
      n/a
5. Did you need to spend a project buck on this project to get a one week
   deadline extension? (y/n) y

6. Any feedback you with to give me relating the project (e.g. Was it
   interesting? How could it be improved?)

   There was a huge learning curve related to some of the projects that I think should be
   gone over in class, or perhaps given more context on in the project description.  
   We do not think that it is reasonable for students to spend 50 plus hours on projects, and believe 
   that we could have benefitted from a better high level context for the projects because
   a lot of information that was given felt disjointed and unrealted to eachother.